// Waterfall
1
The Waterfall Model was the first Process Model to be introduced.
It is very simple to understand and use.
In a waterfall model, each phase must be completed before the next phase can begin and there is no overlapping between the phases.
The waterfall Model illustrates the software development process in a linear sequential flow.

2
It is also known as software-life cycle, classical life cycle  model. 
this model is used widely. 
It suggests a systematic sequential approach from requirement analysis up to support phase.
A product delivered after the linear sequence is complete.

Evolutionary Models
-> Prototyping model
//
1
The prototyping model is a systems development method in which a prototype is built,
tested and then reworked as necessary until an outcome is achieved from which product can be developed.
This model works best in scenarios where not all of the project requirements are known in detail ahead of time.
It is an iterative, trial-and-error process that takes place between the developers and the users.

2
Generally in this model, developers listen to the customer, design a prototype, and then test the prototype.
The procedure is repeated until all the requirements of the system are identified, 
and a complex system can be designed.
It is an effective paradigm for software engineering. 

Spiral model
//
1
The spiral model combines the idea of iterative development with the systematic, 
controlled aspects of the waterfall model. 
This Spiral model is a combination of iterative development process model and sequential linear development model, 
i.e. the waterfall model with a very high emphasis on risk analysis.
It allows incremental releases of the product or incremental refinement through each iteration around the spiral.

2
The radial dimension of the model represents cumulative costs, 
Each path around the spiral is indicative of increased costs.
The angular dimension represents the progress made in completing each cycle.
Each loop of the spiral from X-axis clockwise through 360 degrees, represents one phase.
One phase is split roughly into four sectors:
	Planning: determination of objectives & 		constraints.
	Risk Analysis: analyze alternatives & attempt 	to identify & resolve the risks involved.
	Development: product development & testing.
	Assessment: customer evaluation.

